You say
Can you put this on for me?
Don't be afraid, Yue'er
Jing Chen will never let anything happen to you
Thank you, promising sister.
Yeah.
Zhu Tianhao, hurry up, hurry up
Blame me. I was deceived.
I have no face to live on earth
The last treasure, Xishan Tu, is in the hands of the painter
He held competitions.
If he wins, he can get the Xishan map
Okay, I'm almost there.
elder sister
I'm coming for you.
Li Fan
Like a shadow without obeying orders
Issue a wanted notice immediately
Hanging rope semi-yin
Attack William
Lord War God
In recent days, I have to accompany Yue'er out to recuperate
The road ahead?
I can't accompany you
Remember not to let the lizardmen collect the three treasures.
Otherwise, my country is extremely dangerous.
Don't worry.
Only one treasure remains
I set out immediately to win
We're not going to let them get away with it.
Tomorrow is the game
The winner gets Johor Bahru
You must not miss this opportunity.
OK, I see.
Thank you all for your busy schedule
To be able to participate in the old man's Huasheng Conference
Who can beat the old man in today's battle?
You can get the famous Xishan map
No one can match the memory of the painting saint
I have also received praise from the sage
Many painters are also out of reach
It is said that in the hands of the sage
I still have a collection of paintings of Painting Saint
Let alone win the game
Even if it's just to fight with the painting saint
That's enough to show off for half a lifetime
Who dares to teach
I came to learn